content/_index.md, before:

# OptAzur: Optimization in French Riviera

OptAzur is an ongoing effort to foster collaborations of members of Université Côte d'Azur on different aspect of optimization and its applications to machine learning, imaging and signal processing, etc. 

## Seminar

OptAzur hosts a monthly seminar in Nice & Sophia-Antipolis.

<iframe src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=777634d8e23d216a22f2e45d2f1c56cfd1b2cafd4dedb0f48458a55bef4f7a0f%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=Europe%2FParis" style="border: 0" width="800" height="350" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

### Next talk

### Previous talks

## Events

The members organize several conferences and workshop relevant to the optimization community, as detailled below.

- [Bilevel optimization in machine learning and imaging sciences workshop](https://iciam2023.org/registered_data?id=00400) @[ICIAM 2023](https://iciam2023.org/accepted_ms#00400_Bilevel_optimization_in_machine_learning_and_imaging_sciences), Tokyo, Japan. (organizers: L. Calatroni, S. Vaiter)

## Scientific Committee

- [Luca Calatroni](https://sites.google.com/view/lucacalatroni/home) (co-organizer)
- [Jean-Baptiste Caillau](https://caillau.perso.math.cnrs.fr)
- [Laure Blanc-Féraud](https://www.i3s.unice.fr/~blancf/)
- [Samuel Vaiter](https://samuelvaiter.com) (co-organizer)

Commit message:

first commit and minor changes (#1)
Co-authored-by: jcaillau <jean-baptiste.caillau@inria.fr>

content/_index.md, after:

# OptAzur: Optimization in French Riviera

OptAzur is an ongoing effort to foster collaborations among members of Université Côte d'Azur on different aspect of optimization and its applications to machine learning, imaging and signal processing, etc. 

## Seminar

OptAzur hosts a monthly seminar in Nice & Sophia-Antipolis.

<iframe src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=777634d8e23d216a22f2e45d2f1c56cfd1b2cafd4dedb0f48458a55bef4f7a0f%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=Europe%2FParis" style="border: 0" width="800" height="350" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

### Next talk

### Previous talks

## Events

The members organize several conferences and workshop relevant to the optimization community, as detailled below.

- [Bilevel optimization in machine learning and imaging sciences workshop](https://iciam2023.org/registered_data?id=00400) @[ICIAM 2023](https://iciam2023.org/accepted_ms#00400_Bilevel_optimization_in_machine_learning_and_imaging_sciences), Tokyo, Japan. (Organizers: L. Calatroni, S. Vaiter)

- [Optimal control: methods and applications](https://iciam2023.org/registered_data?id=00731) @[ICIAM 2023](https://iciam2023.org), Tokyo, Japan. (Organizers: J.-B. Caillau, L. Dell'Elce, Clément Moreau)

## Scientific Committee

- [Luca Calatroni](https://sites.google.com/view/lucacalatroni/home) (co-organizer)
- [Jean-Baptiste Caillau](https://caillau.perso.math.cnrs.fr)
- [Laure Blanc-Féraud](https://www.i3s.unice.fr/~blancf/)
- [Samuel Vaiter](https://samuelvaiter.com) (co-organizer)
